sat_data basic programs

-----------------------------------------

* data.py downloads data files from the NASA repository, creates DataFrames, and saves them in `.pkl` files in `./data`.

* data_plot.py creates plots from the .pkl files created by data.py. Dataframes are read and plotted for both magnetic field and position data in cartesian and polar coordinates vs. time

main.py runs neural network (both with 3 outputs and 1 output) and linear regression techniques to train and test on the .pkl files while removing one parameter in each iteration.
    Leave-one-out method is used, where a year of data is used as the test set and all remaining data is used as training, generating out-of-sample predictions. Repetitions with random sampling can be applied.

main_table.py creates a final summary table for each of the satellites by performing metric calculations on concatenated out-of-sample predictions.

main_plot.py creates time-series error plots and prediction plots from the .pkl files generated by main.py.

For all programs:
    File patterns can be designated as well as number of epochs and samples used.
    main_results contains subdirectories for each of the desired satellites containing a .md file with a results summary and .pkl files containing the results for each removed parameter by year left out to be used for main_table.py. Plots are also saved here.
    Note: Each main_ program contains an identical compute_arv function.

-----------------------------------------

Setup:

```
git clone https://github.com/dstrnad17/satellite-predict
conda create -n python3.9.12-test python=3.9.12
conda activate python3.9.12-test
pip install -e .
```

Program run order:

```
python data.py # Downloads data
data_plot.py (if desired)
main.py
main_table.py
main_plot.py
```